well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about
something that's kind of occurring
in the background um it
really hasn't made huge headlines yet
but i think eventually it might
and depending on how it's framed when it
does it may raise eyebrows when it
really
doesn't need to everybody
knew that this little piece of news was
coming
in fact it's long overdue
but given the current political
situation
any kind of shuffling in this community
makes people nervous
right now so what's the news
the department of defense is going to
begin limiting
the the detailing
the the temporary reassignment of
their personnel to the intelligence
world
okay ever since 2001
uh it was really common and the reason
it was really common was because
they could get away with it the
opposition at the time well they didn't
have embassies
and nobody needed to maintain
deniability
we were advertising that we did this
stuff you know
the foreign policy of the united states
is shifting
those groups are no longer a priority
the new priority
is going to be near piers near piers
being countries like china
or russia powerful countries
so when that little world of people does
something
they have to be able to say oh that
wasn't us
if the people get caught you can't do
that
if if it's staff sergeant whoever
that gets caught
there has to be a level of deniability
and
i think this has uh is playing into this
this is something everybody knew was
coming
um but uh there
probably is some kind of dispute some
kind of internal riff
that caused it to happen at this exact
moment
um but it's not something to worry about
it's not a weird trump power grab or
anything like that
this realistically this should have
happened like five years ago
and there are probably a bunch of other
reasons
that this is occurring i am
curious to see how they frame it though
because i think it's highly unlikely
that they're going to walk out and say
oh well you know we're going to be
spying on other countries more
so we need to be able to say it wasn't
us therefore we're going to use people
who are more expendable by the way we're
hiring
um that that seems unlikely
but anyway this is more of just a heads
up
because we don't know how this news is
going to be framed when it comes out and
when it starts to get publicized
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day